c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\obj\Debug\Gallifrey.RestApi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\bin\Gallifrey.RestApi.dll.config
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\bin\Gallifrey.RestApi.dll
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\bin\Gallifrey.RestApi.pdb
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\bin\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\bin\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\obj\Debug\Gallifrey.RestApi.dll
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\obj\Debug\Gallifrey.RestApi.pdb
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\bin\Gallifrey.Persistence.dll
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\bin\Gallifrey.Persistence.pdb
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\bin\Omu.ValueInjecter.dll
c:\users\pedro.matos\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Gallifrey.RestApiController\Gallifrey.RestApiController\bin\Omu.ValueInjecter.xml
